CHT Gateway Doc Update (#579)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/messaging/gateways/gateway/configuration.md

  apps/guides/messaging/gateways/gateway/phones
---

CHT gateway supports Android 4.1 and above. To have it up and fully working, follow the 3 steps below.

1. Install the latest APK from the [releases page](https://github.com/medic/cht-gateway/releases) in the `cht-gateway` repo.

2. Open the app.
if you are installing the app for the first time or afresh, you will get a ```Warning:medic-gateway is not set as the default messaging app on this device``` . Select ```HELP ME CHANGE``` and agree to the follow-up system prompt about changing the default messaging app.

> 3. Configure the app. If you're configuring cht-gateway(v1.00 and above) for use with hosted medic, with a URL of e.g. ```https://myproject.dev.medicmobile.org``` and a username of ```gateway``` and a password of ```topSecret```, fill in the settings as follows:

Reviewer: I think the version should be `1.0.0` like it was before. `1.00` looks weird to me!

```suggestion
3. Configure the app. If you're configuring cht-gateway(v1.0.0 and above) for use with hosted medic, with a URL of e.g. ```https://myproject.dev.medicmobile.org``` and a username of ```gateway``` and a password of ```topSecret```, fill in the settings as follows:
```

Instance name: `myproject [dev]`   (if ```https://myproject.app...```, select 'app')<br>

> Username: `gateway`(_Since_ [V1.2.1](https://github.com/medic/cht-gateway/releases/tag/v1.2.1) _medic gateway versions this field is not present in the app. The user `gateway` is assumed_.)<br>

Reviewer: Minor suggestion...

```suggestion
Username: `gateway`(_Since_ [v1.2.1](https://github.com/medic/cht-gateway/releases/tag/v1.2.1) _medic gateway versions this field is not present in the app. The user `gateway` is assumed_.)<br>
```
